Chapter 0002
Saved on: 2026-01-17 12:33:46.491120

Jamie brought down his knife. A sharp crack. Peanut butter pooled at the edges. He closed his eyes and sighed as the familiar taste soaked his tongue. He wondered if this was how [Whitmore] had felt after taking the pills that had taken his life. 
      He opened his eyes at the sound of closing footsteps. 
      ‘The Bull seems pretty wound up today.’ Dom said glancing at the door. Dom was his senior in work. He was not exactly his senior considering they were both DC’s but he had been in the line for far longer than him. And besides with his voracious personality Jamie could do nothing but think of him as his senior. 
      ‘Must do with the Whitmore’s wife being a friends of the DI’s wife.’ Jamie said ‘ heard he was also pals with him from his golfing days.’ The door burst open just as Jamie finished speaking. A bustling red faced man emerged from it. Detective Inspector [ ] thundered in with  barely restrained fury. Nicknamed the Bull the inspector was a solidly built man—short, broad and coiled tight like a whip. Both Jamie who was nearly six feet tall and Dom who was even taller and twice as wide towered over the Inspector. But the moment he stepped in the room they both stiffened. It wasn’t the his size that made them instinctively straighten—it was the sheer force of his presence like a ceaseless locomotive that marched on, the smoldering authority that wrapped around him like a second skin. He was scary to be with even in the best of his days. And today was definitely not one of his best days.
      ‘Which one of you bloody amateurs are going to tell me why I am hearing about my golfing buddy from my wife’s friend instead of from my own detectives?’ he snarled out .
       Jamie shot a quick glance at Dom and opened his mouth before thinking better of it and shutting up. This would be one time he would definitely not regret shutting his stupid mouth up. Dom who was usually blunt to the point of being a headache, looked suspiciously like he was questioning his life choices.
      ‘We didn’t want to .... disturb you ....’ began Dom but he was cut off as the Inspector looked like he was going to have a fit. ‘Disturb. Did not want to disturb me. There was bloody murder down here Henshaw. An actual murder.’ the Inspector shook at a loss of words. ‘And where the hell is Sergent Rhodes.?’
      Jamie and Dom hesitated.
      ‘Er’ Jamie started ‘We..... don’t know.’
      Dom scratched his head. ’The last time I saw him he was writing up a report in the break room. ‘’
      ‘That was four hours ago.’ the DI snapped.
      ‘Right. Yeah. That is a bit odd.’
      The Bull’s temples twitched. ’Are you telling me that my second in command is missing in the middle of a murder case?’
      Jamie considered this. ‘Technically we are still waiting for the forensic’s team to confirm it’s a murder.’ Men took an overdose of sleeping pills everyday. Only Whitmore was not just any man. And no one took half a bottle of pills after breaking their window.
      The DI’s glare could have set the room on fire. ‘And technically I will flay you alive if you don’t find Rhodes within the next half an hour. And if it was not a murder then why the hell was the window to his room broken.’ Jamie shut up, it was one thing that had irked him out too.  No sane man would break the window before commiting suicide. Not that there was anything sane about suicide. The fact that the window was on the second floor and could not be accessed from outside unless one had a ladder with him troubled him to. Anyone who knew that the old man was on sleeping medication and where exactly to find him would have had easy enough access into the house as it was. Especially accounting for the fact that most of the family were out that night. ‘And as if I haven’t got enough on my bloody plate, now I have got a bloody private detective to take care of now.’
      Jamie blinked. Private detective?Helooked at Dom who looked just as thrown back as he was.
      The DI caught their expressions and snapped. ‘Don’t look at me like a pair of gooses. The wife’s brother had one look of your incompetent asses and called in a private detective of his own in. Some nutjob acquaintance of his friend.’ He rubbed his temples like they were giving him an early stroke. ‘As if I did not have enough of a headache.’
      He jabbed a finger at Jamie. ‘You. I want you following that bastard around. I don’t want him even sneezing in the crime scene without you knowing about it. If ha so much as breathes funny I want to know about it.’ Jamie exhaled, shoulders dropping slightly. Great.Babysitting duty. With his luck it would be some obnoxious old toad with bad breath. He hadn’t ever heard of a private detective in []. It was the kind of town where the most exciting thing that might happen was the country fair that was held every year. As far as he remembered, he hadn’t heard of a single murder in the past five or six years. The last one had been when he was still in high school and had caused quite a stir back then. It had turned out to be a jealous wife who had decided that she had had enough and decided to just snuff her not so poor alcoholic husband out. It had been the talk of the town. They just didn’t to private detectives down here.
      ‘And you’, he pointed Dom. ‘I want you to find that bloody sergeant of yours and tell him to get his ass down here. And question the neighbors about anything funny they might have heard last night. I will have Walt and Jakob look at the crime scene and question the family members.’ Of course it would have to be Jakob who took care of the family and crime scene while they go and butt around with the neighbors. Jakob Sinclair was everything he hated in a copper- slimy, insincere stickup who was always in the right place when a senior wanted his ego stroked, and always in the wrong place when actual work was involved. He wondered how he would claim credit for solving this. Probably tell how he had found the murderer by following the teachings of the incredible Bull and his remarkable sense of observation. ‘I shouldn’t have Bill take his damn leave .’ The Bull muttered to himself as he strode away. ‘The one time something happens down here he is off waltzing in the frigging Panama’s.’ Jamie smiled at the thought of Sergeant Bill waltzing. With the news of his transfer to the city and his promotion to DI the man had taken a well earned vacation with his family. Something that aggravataed the Bull to no end. He sighed. Something told him this was going to be a long day.
      ‘Now where the hell is Rhodey?’
