Chapter 0004
Saved on: 2026-01-17 12:37:27.666036

Jamie followed Sirius into the house. Calling it a house felt wrong—his own home could fit comfortably inside the living room alone. The house was an old-fashioned one, apparently built during the time of Edmund Whitmore’s father, Reginald Whitmore. And it had all the quintessential features of a quaint Victorian manor. On the ground floor was the living room, a kitchen, the housing space for the servants, the cook and and the butler, along with a play area for children, a store room, two study rooms, and a dining. The first floor housed a library, Edmund Whitmore’s study and the rooms of the other occupants of the house.
      Jamie felt like he was stepping into the maw of a sleeping dragon. The scale of the house seemed grotesque. From outside it had seemed large but inside it seemed massive. And the luxury draped across the room, pervaded like the dragon’s breath. Every inch seemed to scorn at him, Don’t even think about it. He thought back at his own frugal quarters. He had always been happy with his apartment. small as it might be. He couldn’t dream of living in something like this. It seemed too lonely, a mansion fit for a huge family of twenty people. Not him. He was alone. He had always been alone.
      Chandeliers adorned almost every other room, and paintings and murals hung on the walls. He glanced at a painting which seemed to be just a splash of colours. He frowned trying to find the artistry in it. It seemed just a splash of yellow, If that was what passed as art, Jamie fancied he always had an alternative career if this didn’t work out. However, Lilith, Jamie’s neighbour, who was an artist, never seemed to make ends meet, though her works looked decidedly better than whatever this was.
      “A Vardius original that one,” the butler remarked, noting his observation, “Mr. Whitmore was a fan of his work and had it imported from Italy.” Jamie marvelled the Vardi-bloke who had sold this as art. He wished he was half as slick with the Bull.
       Whitmore and his wife had been living with their eldest son for the past few years. It made sense—his house was big enough, and with their age creeping up, it was easier than maintaining a place of their own. Their eldest son [] was a distinguished doctor in his late thirties and already quite a name in the town. He had treated Jamie’s neighbor when he had been down with the flu, and he had been all praises for the doctor. His wife was a passionate fashion designer, a couple of years younger than him, and they had two kids, a boy of eight and a girl of six. Edmund’s brother’s kids also lived with him. Laurie, the older boy, a brilliant student, had been studying abroad for the past three years. His sister Ellie was a deaf girl who had lived with them since their father had died when they were young.
      Edmund Whitmore’s room was quite a mess and not entirely due to the broken window. Desks, books, and papers were strewn all around the room such that it almost seemed like a whirlwind had gone through the room. The room, though quite expansive, seemed quite crowded. Amidst the forensics, Jamie could see the toad face of Jakob, bossing everyone around, and the cherubic face of Walt ever ready to nod to whatever Jakob said or find something to munch on, whichever came first. Jakob looked at him with surprise before his eyes wandered over to Sirius’s confused. 
      Jamie smirked. Maybe the babysitting duty was not so bad. 
      ‘I’m sorry but who are you?’ Jakob asked looking at Sirius.
      ‘Sirius Wolfe,’ he said, his eyes already scanning through the room, ,’The pri—’
      ‘Of course I know who you are’ Jakob said his eyes alight as he came forward ‘ I have read all about you. Your case at the Redwoods. Brilliant. Just brilliant. And your work at the Casso-’.
      ‘Pretty elementary deductive work. Both of them.’ Sirius said offhandedly continuing his scanning of his room.
      ‘For a person of your caliber, maybe.’ Jakob said unabashed, trying to shake his hand and failing, but brilliant nonetheless. I have been a huge fan of yours since young sir.’ Jamie had a dozen biting retorts dancing on the tip of his tongue, but swallowed it. Sirius however brilliant he might be, probably would not have learned to walk when Jakob had been young. ‘I am looking forward to working with you.’
      Sirius looked at him distractedly. ‘I work alone but thanks. I have Detective Jamie to help me anyway. Now could you all clear out and leave me to look at the room.’ Jakob looked shocked as if he could not comprehend anyone not wanting to work with him. He turned in disbelief towards  Walt who had his priorities straight and was busy munching some chips that seemed to have materialized out of thin air.
      Jakob’s face twitched, caught between irritation and the need to maintain authority. Suddenly, all his feigned admiration seemed to disappear. He cleared his throat.
      Jakob cleared his throat, as if rallying himself. “Regardless, this investigation follows protocol—"
      “And?” Sirius cut him off. “I intend to follow the evidence.”
      “I’m afraid that’s not how it works, Mr. Wolfe,” he said, his voice clipped. “This is an ongoing investigation under police jurisdiction. We don’t just ‘clear out’ because an outsider demands it.”
      Sirius finally turned to face him, his expression unreadable. “An outsider who happens to be a brilliant detective, as you had been kind enough to point out” he pointed out. “And who has been hired by the family with the same goal as you—solving this case?”
      Jakob opened his mouth, then closed it. Jamie could practically hear the gears turning in his head. If he outright refused, he’d look petty. But if he backed down too easily, he’d lose face. Jamie decided to help him along.
      “Look, Jakob,” Jamie said, feigning sympathy. “The sooner we step out, the sooner Wolfe here realizes he needs us to do the actual police work.” He clapped Jakob on the shoulder. “You know, the boring reports, the interviews, the things detectives don’t magically solve by staring at walls.”
      Jakob scowled but seemed to consider the excuse a graceful enough exit. He threw one last glare at Sirius.
“Fine,” he muttered. “We’ll be right outside if you need anything.”
Sirius had already turned away, inspecting the crime scene like they had ceased to exist. Jamie stifled a grin as Jakob ushered his team out with a sharp motion. Walt, already halfway through a biscuit, followed with a sigh.
As the door clicked shut, Jamie leaned against the wall, arms crossed. “You make friends fast, don’t you?”
      Sirius, crouched near the broken window, didn’t even glance up. “I don’t have time for unnecessary company.”
      Jamie smirked. “You don’t seem to have any complains with me anyway.”
      ‘Sirius sighed. ‘I know the force enough to know that they would never leave me unmonitored annyway. If you were to have an eye on me then so be it. Just keep sure you keep up.’  He turned towards the crime scene just as it had been when found undisturbed.
      Jamie felt a thrill of anticipation run through his spine. 
      He was finally in the story